Update deploy scripts in BRICR Dev (#2172)
SEED-platform/seed: docs/source/docker.rst

* Install Docker compose

.. code-block:: console

    sudo curl -L "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.25.4/docker-compose-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m)" -o /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
    sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose

* Checkout SEED (or install from the releases).

.. code-block:: console

    git clone

* Add in the Server setting into profile.d. For example add the content below (appropriately filled out) into /etc/profile.d/seed.sh

.. code-block:: console

    export POSTGRES_USER=seed
    export POSTGRES_DB=seed
    export POSTGRES_PASSWORD=GDEus3fasd1askj89QkAldjfX
    export POSTGRES_PORT=5432
    export SECRET_KEY="96=7jg%_&1-z9c9qwwu2@w$hb3r322yf3lz@*ekw-1@ly-%+^"

    # The admin user is only valid only until the database is restored
    export SEED_ADMIN_USER=user@seed-platform.org
    export SEED_ADMIN_PASSWORD=7FeBWal38*&k3jlfa92lakj8ih4
    export SEED_ADMIN_ORG=default

    # For SES
    export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<AWS_ACCESS_KEY>
    export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<AWS_SECRET_KEY>
    export AWS_SES_REGION_NAME=us-west-2
    export AWS_SES_REGION_ENDPOINT=email.us-west-2.amazonaws.com
    export SERVER_EMAIL=user@seed-platform.org

> * Before launching the first time, make the persistent volumes and that the backup directory exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before launching the first time, make sure the persistent volumes and that the backup directory exists.
```

> * Before launching the first time, make the persistent volumes and that the backup directory exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before launching the first time, make sure the persistent volumes and the backup directory exist.
```
